Add docs section for assertions interface, improve docstrings for test utils (#1382)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: doc/plutip-testing.md

Although stake keys serve no real purpose in plutip context, they allow to use base addresses, and thus allow to have the same code for plutip testing, in-browser tests and production.

Note that CTL re-distributes tADA from payment key-only ("enterprise") addresses to base addresses, which requires a few transactions before the test can be run. Plutip can currently handle only enterprise addreses (see [this issue](https://github.com/mlabs-haskell/plutip/issues/103)).

## CTL/Plutip utilities for testing

`Contract.Test.Utils` module provides a DSL for assertions that accumulate error messages, instead of exiting early after the first failure.

> The interpreter is `withAssertions` function, that accepts two arrays for two kinds of assertions:

Reviewer: I think the statement that `withAssertions` accepts **two arrays** is a bit inaccurate, maybe replace it with something like:
```suggestion
The interpreter is `withAssertions` function, that executes specified assertions (which can be combined using `Array`s and `Tuple`s):
```

> - `ContractBasicAssertion` is simply executed at the end of `Contract` lifetime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ContractBasicAssertion` is simply executed at the end of the `Contract` lifetime and only needs the result of the `Сontract`
```
